c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\bin\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.xbf
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\bin\Debug\GroupDetailPage.xbf
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\bin\Debug\ItemDetailPage.xbf
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\bin\Debug\Meditate Me.xr.xml
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\bin\Debug\Meditate Me.exe
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\bin\Debug\Meditate Me.pdb
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\bin\Debug\Meditate Me.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.cs
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.cs
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.cs
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.xaml
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.xaml
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.xaml
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.xbf
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.xbf
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.xbf
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\Meditate Me.exe
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\Meditate Me.pdb
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\1gour_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\bin\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.xbf
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\bin\Debug\GroupDetailPage.xbf
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\bin\Debug\ItemDetailPage.xbf
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\bin\Debug\Meditate Me.xr.xml
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\bin\Debug\Meditate Me.exe
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\bin\Debug\Meditate Me.pdb
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\bin\Debug\Meditate Me.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.xaml
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.xaml
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.xaml
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.xbf
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.xbf
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.xbf
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\Meditate Me.exe
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\Meditate Me.pdb
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Jerry\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Meditate Me\Meditate Me\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
